"basically im ""guaranteed"" a dorm bc im going to be a first year transfer this fall BUT im already worrying abt my chances for the 2nd year lol
i know im getting super ahead of myself but can someone just explain what's going on today?? i originally thought that housing assignments weren't sent out until august, including for continuing students. what exactly are housing appointments and wdym you can ""choose"" an apartment?
also curious on what my chances are of getting housing my 2nd year (senior year) if i have eop priority
srry for all the questions 🥲" can someone inform me more on how housing apps actually work
this schools administration fucking sucks and with each year they do less to support their students
I'm enrolled in this class for fall2022 and I'm wondering what thus class and prof chuang are like. Seems like it's a pretty new class so idk if many people have taken it. How is Eart32-the science of cooking?
Edit: I’ve previously posted about getting approached by them and I keep getting asked to join them. I’m a theist magnet.Those Bible study girls put in HOURS.
getting fisted by housing r,Man I want to love this school but
Anybody with a 4:15 appointment can’t select anything at all right now??Housing appointment.
"Housing selection gives me a white page with transparent text. Does this mean there’s no housing left at all?Are the dorms in C9 full too?
"so even as a transfer this school can’t guarantee any type of housing , I guess I’ll live in my car at east remote 🤷🏻‍♂️.",no housing ? "Saw the crew this morning:Goats Tracker 05/17: Intersection of High St and Western Dr
"I just wanna graduate, man." "Isn't this unfair?
It won't let me register till 11:59 PM today, but that's not fair because what if people get better professors before me!
Sorry. Noob here."Why do some people get to enroll earlier than others?,I was unable to enroll in cse100/L because the class was full but there was no option for the waitlist. Is this normal for the first pass? And when will I know when the waitlist will open up? waitlist?"Hey everyone! My brother is currently graduating high school and excited to start at UCSC next fall. I want to make him a college/UCSC starter pack as a gift and was wondering if there’s anything newbies HAVE to have? Any popular restaurants that sell gift cards? Things he might want in a dorm? Etc
He’s also very into surfboard and skateboard culture which I know is big in this area.
Open to funny/sarcastic gifts as well.
Any ideas help. Thanks!
Edit: Thanks for all the comments- this is truly super helpful. Sorry to hear about the housing issues 😅 best of luck to everyone!"What is the ultimate UCSC starter pack? (Brother starting in Fall- looking for gift ideas),14.0,0.94
Hey guys! I'm a third year here at  and looking into some math classes to take next year. I am planning on getting a math minor so I have a lot of freedom and was hoping to pick classes that are interesting and fun to learn about. I would love some recommendations! I can take any upper division math class so let me know! Thanks!Fun math classes to take
Does anyone know anything about CSE 132?
"I chose Cowell for singles in apartment but there’s nothing left, only a few triple and quads. I’m wondering if there’s any other college with any kind of single left and i might just apply there.",Will I lose priority if I cancel my current housing application for a different college option?
incoming 2nd year here! If anyone has any space in a cowell apartment pls let me know! I’m super neat and I’m a pretty friendly person who’s not trying to be homeless next year!! help
"I hate the housing system.That’s it.
Stop admitting students to increase your student body if more than half of a class is going to be homeless, thanks." No apartments left all??"Hi everyone, I’m looking to buy any extra C9 Commencement tickets for June 12th, preferably for 10:45AM!! Please let me know if you or anyone you know has extra tickets they’re willing to sell. Thank you!!",UCSC,Looking for C9 Commencement Tickets!!
Are any other colleges completely full college 9 apartments are full.
"Only 20 spots in a lower-div course, what's going on?"arts 80g capacity?"Has anyone taken peace psych with Majzler or mind, society, and culture with I. Valle? whats it like?" "Peace Psych or Mind,society, and culture"
can i make it in 15 min. looking at back to back classes for next quarter but not sure if i’d make it based on google maps. are there any shortcuts? Kresge 321 to Thimann Lecture in 15 min? "Salmon Week is here! Come to the Seymour Center this week for a new exhibit, the premiere of our new salmon documentary, and a Saturday festival. It's all free for UCSC undergrads!"
"hey guys! i am an upcoming 3rd year Cowell student majoring in human biology and I was looking for roomies to live with in either apartments or residence halls! I was originally planning to roommate with other people, but they backed out last minute. if anyone is looking for a roomie, please DM or let me know! thank you! sorry it's last minute,,,"anyone in need of a roommate in Cowell? (Apartments or Resident Hall)
whats a senior seminar in psych like?whats a senior seminar. This could be you if you Google your questions before asking r/UCSC. slot.Looking for extra Stevenson slug crossing ticket.
r they small? is it 2 lofts or 1 bunk? dm me if you have any photos or videos to share :) Merrill apartment doubles
"During the ‘22-‘23 year I will most likely be living at the UTC, but I know that parking isn’t optimal downtown. Sadly I need my car for my job, so I really need to find a place for it! By any chance do any slugs who live downtown know of any places I can apply for a year permit or something similar that is close to UTC? Didn’t find anything on google so thought I’d ask. Thanks in advance!",UCSC,UTC Parking Options?
international playhouse this weekend
Does anyone know what CE elective would go good with CSE 115D and 107? Easier CE elective
"I’m graduating after this quarter and always wanted to go to Europe or Asia or anywhere outside of the US. My friends are working and not trying to do anything big, but I’m trying to go do something fun before I have to start my job after the summer. Open to ideas and down to discuss further and pick a range of days. Hit me up!",UCSC,Looking for a travel buddy
Are there any study rooms at 9/Lewis with a chalkboard available during the day?
"Of those who chose the AI/HCI interdisciplinary route, what Upper-Division course did you take?
CMPM177, CSE107, CMPM146, etc.
I'm very close to graduating and many of them seem to need a lot of programming and/or prior pre-requisites. I can code if I have to, but I was wondering if anyone had any prior experience here. Thanks!"COG SCI MAJORS
"i’m not sure where to start looking for roomates— the housing megathread seems pretty dead, so i thought i’d post here. if you know anywhere else i could look, please let me know!
im aiming for a single or a large triple. im ok w both mixed gender and single gender floors.
here’s some stuff abt me and what i’m kinda looking for in a roomate:
- gender: female
- cleanlines: im pretty average &amp; i don’t care how messy you are as long as it’s in your area and doesn’t smell bad / attract bugs
- smoking / drugs: i personally do not do any. i’m cool if you do, as long as it’s not inside the dorm room
- sexuality: bisexual, i’m comfortable rooming with any sexuality.
- political views: i lean to the left, so i would not want to room with anyone extremely conservative
- guests: ok with them! i love meeting new people and i’d want to bring guests of my own. not comfy with s/o’s coming over if ur planning to do more than just talk and hang out
- sleep schedule: on weekdays i normally sleep at 10-11pm and wake up at 5-8am depending on how much hw— finals and weekends are another story 😅
89- fair warning: i literally cannot get up in the morning without alarms every 15 minutes. im tryna lose the habit but if you’re a light sleeper we may not be the best match
- personality: i’m pretty extroverted, so i’d prefer someone easy to talk to / not super shy who’s down to go on adventures and explore the area. i also would want someone more laid back who’s not afraid of breaking some rules (or at least who wouldn’t tell if i did!). i love hiking, backpacking, binging tv shows and kdramas, taking aimless walks, acai bowls, drawing, reading terrible romance novels, swimming at the beach, rollerblading, skiing, snowboarding, and meeting new people!
if you think we’d be a good match as friends or roomates shoot me a dm! thank u in advance incoming CS freshman looking for college nine roomates!!,2.0,1.0
"So I’ve been working on my law school application lately and I hope I can take more class to boost my gpa a little before the opening of this year’s application portal. I’m fully aware that an A+ still counts as 4.0 in UC’s grading system, but it will be counted as 4.33 by the evaluation system of the law school admission council (LSAC). Anyone have any recommend classes (and hopefully easy ones)? Thanks soooo much in advance! And any additional advice about summer class or law school application will be genuinely appreciated!! ^^
Btw, for people in the same situation, here is a short list of classes I’ve finished so far that may achieve an A+: COWL52, LING80K, and LGST111A w/Beaumont(you have to achieve a perfect score to get an A+ in 111A which was incredibly rare though)."Any class awarding A+ during summer and fall?
Hey everyone,
I need to start my business management econ electives next fall. Any information on econ 126, econ 136 and econ 133 particularly would be very appreciated."Thoughts on Baden and Pommerenke?
So I was thinking of taking CSE 107, CSE 132 and CSE 121. Is this schedule doable? I've heard CSE 132 isn't too bad." advice on classes,1.0,0.66
102 with Tantalo, 186 with Harrison, and 160 with Davis. Is this doable? What’s the workload like in each of these classes?""advice regarding cse 102, cse 186, cse 160?"
if you are struggling with your mental health, what are the odds you would download an app? what are things that would make interested in a mental health app?"mental health app
What’s the best building for Merrill apartments?? I’m trying to get a doubleMerrill Apartments "transferring this fall and i wanna know what to expect lol